Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 To Be Completed by an Attorney or 
Accredited Representative, if any.For 
USCIS 
 Use 
Only
Sent:            /           /              /
 Consideration of Deferred Action 
for Childhood Arrivals 
Department of Homeland Security 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration ServicesUSCIS 
Form I-821D 
 OMB No. 1615-0124 
Expires 02/28/2027
Action Block Receipt
Remarks
Resubmitted:         /        /         /Returned:          /         /            /Case ID:
RelocatedRequestor interviewed  
on
Select this box if Form G-28 is attached to 
represent the requestor.Received:          /         /           /
START HERE - Type or print in black ink.  Read Form I-821D Instructions for information on how to complete this form.►A-
Part 1.  Information About You (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests)
3.a. Family Name 
(Last Name) 
3.b. Given Name 
(First Name) 
3.c. Middle NameFull Legal NameFor this Renewal request, my most recent period of Deferred 
Action for Childhood Arrivals expires onI am requesting:
► (mm/dd/yyyy)Initial Request - Consideration of  Deferred Action 
for Childhood Arrivals 
Renewal Request - Consideration of Deferred 
Action for Childhood Arrivals I am not in immigration detention.
I am in immigration detention.
1.
2.4.c. Flr. Ste. Apt.
OR
Removal Proceedings Information
Are you NOW or have you EVER been in removal 
proceedings, or do you have a removal order issued in any 
other context (for example, at the border or within the 
United States by an immigration agent) ?5.
Yes No
NOTE:  The term “removal proceedings” includes 
exclusion or deportation proceedings initiated before 
April 1, 1997; an Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) 
section 240 removal proceeding; expedited removal; 
reinstatement of a final order of exclusion, deportation, or 
removal; an INA section 217 removal after admission 
under the Visa Waiver Program; or removal as a criminal 
alien under INA section 238.ZIP Code4.f. State 4.e.City or Town 4.d.
  Page 1 of 7 Attorney State Bar Number (if any): 
U.S. Mailing Address (Enter the same address on 
Form I-765)
4.a. In Care Of Name (if applicable)
Street Number 
and Name4.b.
AND
--- PAGE BREAK ---
Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 Other Information
Current Country of Residence 12.
Country of Citizenship or Nationality
Marital Status13.
Single Married Divorced Widowed14.9.
Sex Male FemaleDate of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) ►
11.a. City/Town/Village of Birth 10.
Country of Birth 11.b.►A-Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any) 7.
8. U.S. Social Security Number  (if any)
►Part 1.  Information About You (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests) (continued)
Hair Color (Select only one box) 21.
Black
Brown Red
White Unknown/ 
OtherSandyGrayBlond Bald (No hair)Height
19. Weight PoundsFeet Inches 18.
Black Brown
Green
Maroon PinkHazel GrayBlue20. Eye Color (Select only one box) 
Unknown/Other
Part 2.  Residence and Travel Information (For 
Initial and Renewal Requests) 
1. I have been continuously residing in the U.S. since at least 
June 15, 2007, up to the present time.Yes No17. Race (Select all applicable  boxes)
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific IslanderAmerican Indian or Alaska NativeWhite
Asian
Black or African AmericanProcessing Information
16.
Not Hispanic or LatinoHispanic or LatinoEthnicity (Select only one box)
  Page 2 of 7 Currently in Proceedings (Active)
Currently in Proceedings  (Administratively Closed)
Terminated
Subject to a Final Order
6.f. Most Recent Date of Proceedings6.a.
6.b.
6.c.
6.d.Status or outcome:If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 5., you must select a 
box below indicating your current status or outcome of your 
removal proceedings.
6.g. Location of Proceedings► (mm/dd/yyyy)Other.  Explain in Part 8. Additional Information. 6.e.Family Name 
(Last Name) 
Given Name 
(First Name) 
Middle NameOther Names Used (If Applicable)
15.a.
15.b.
15.c.If you need additional space, use Part 8. Additional 
Information.
--- PAGE BREAK ---
Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 3.c.
City or Town 3.d.
State 3.e. ZIP CodeStreet Number 
and Name3.a. 
3.b.Address 1
Dates at this residence (mm/dd/yyyy)
From► To►
3.f.Flr. Ste. Apt.2.c.
City or Town 2.d.
State 2.e. ZIP CodeStreet Number 
and Name2.a. 
2.b.Present Address
Dates at this residence (mm/dd/yyyy)
From► To►Present
2.f.Flr. Ste. Apt.Part 2.  Residence and Travel Information (For 
Initial and Renewal Requests) (continued)
4.c.
City or Town 4.d.
State 4.e. ZIP CodeStreet Number 
and Name4.a. 
4.b.Address 2
Dates at this residence (mm/dd/yyyy)
From► To►
4.f.Flr. Ste. Apt.7.a. 
7.b.
Reason for Departure► (mm/dd/yyyy) Departure Date 
► (mm/dd/yyyy) Return Date 
7.c.Departure 2
8. Have you left the United States without advance parole on 
or after August 15, 2012? Yes No
What country issued your last passport? 9.a.
Passport Number 9.b.
9.c.
► (mm/dd/yyyy)Passport Expiration Date
Border Crossing Card Number (if any ) 10.Departure 1
6.a. 
6.b.
Reason for Departure► (mm/dd/yyyy) Departure Date 
► (mm/dd/yyyy) Return Date 
6.c.Travel Information
For Initial Requests:  List all of your absences from the United 
States since June 15, 2007.
If you require additional space, use Part 8. Additional 
Information.For Renewal Requests:  List only your absences from the 
United States since you submitted your last Form I-821D that 
was approved.
  Page 3 of 7 City or Town 5.d.
State 5.e. ZIP Code5.f.5.c.Street Number 
and Name5.a. 
5.b.Address 3
Dates at this residence (mm/dd/yyyy)
From► To►
Flr. Ste. Apt.
For Renewal Requests:  List only the addresses where you 
resided since you submitted your last Form I-821D that was 
approved.For Initial Requests:  List your current address and, to the best 
of your knowledge, the addresses where you resided since the 
date of your initial entry into the United States to present.
If you require additional space, use Part 8. Additional 
Information.NOTE:  If you departed the United States for some period of 
time before your 16th birthday and returned to the United States 
on or after your 16th birthday to begin your current period of 
continuous residence, and if this is an initial request, submit  
evidence that you established residence in the United States 
prior to 16 years of age as set forth in the instructions to this 
form.
--- PAGE BREAK ---
Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 Immigration Status on June 15, 2012 (e.g., No Lawful 
Status, Status Expired, Parole Expired)4.
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 5.a., provide the 
date your authorized stay expired, as shown on Form I-94, 
I-94W, or I-95 (if available).
► (mm/dd/yyyy)5.c.Were you EVER issued an Arrival-Departure Record 
(Form I-94, I-94W, or I-95)?5.a.
Yes No
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 5.a., provide 
your Form I-94, I-94W, or I-95 number (if available).
►5.b.
6. Indicate how you meet the education guideline ( e.g., 
Graduated from high school, Received a general 
educational development (GED) certificate or equivalent 
state-authorized exam, Currently in school )
7. Name, City, and State of School Currently Attending or 
Where Education Received
► (mm/dd/yyyy)Date of Graduation ( e.g., Receipt of a Certificate of 
Completion, GED certificate, other equivalent state-
authorized exam) or, if currently in school, date of last 
attendance. 8.Education Information
► Service Start Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
►  (mm/dd/yyyy) Discharge Date9.b.
9.c.Military Service Information 
9. Were you a member of the U.S. Armed Forces or U.S. 
Coast Guard?Yes No
Military Branch 9.a.If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 9., you must provide 
responses to Item Numbers 9.a. - 9.d.Have you EVER engaged in, do you continue to engage 
in, or plan to engage in terrorist activities?
No Yes3.
Are you NOW or have you EVER been a member of a 
gang?No Yes4.If you answered "Yes," you must include a certified 
court disposition, arrest record, charging document, 
sentencing record, etc., for each arrest.1. Have you EVER been arrested for, charged with, or 
convicted of a felony or misdemeanor, including incidents 
handled in juvenile court , in the United States?  Do not 
include minor traffic violations unless they were alcohol- 
or drug-related.  Yes NoPart 4.  Criminal, National Security, and Public 
Safety Information (For Initial and Renewal 
Requests)
If any of the following questions apply to you, use Part 8. 
Additional Information to describe the circumstances and 
include a full explanation.
If you answered “Yes,” you must include a certified 
court disposition, arrest record, charging document, 
sentencing record, etc., for each arrest, unless 
disclosure is prohibited under state law.
Have you EVER been arrested for, charged with, or 
convicted of a crime in any country other than the United 
States?Yes No2.
Acts involving torture, genocide, or human trafficking?
Killing any person?Yes NoHave you EVER engaged in, ordered, incited, assisted, or 
otherwise  participated in any of the following:
Yes No5.a.
Severely injuring any person? Yes No
Any kind of sexual contact or relations with any person 
who was being forced or threatened?Yes No5.b.
5.c.
5.d.5.
Have you EVER recruited, enlisted, conscripted, or used 
any person to serve in or help an armed force or group 
while such person was under age 15?6.
No Yes
Have you EVER used any person under age 15 to take 
part in hostilities, or to help or provide services to people 
in combat?7.
No Yes
  Page 4 of 7 I initially arrived and established residence in the U.S. 
prior to 16 years of age.Part 3.  For Initial Requests Only
1.
Yes No
► (mm/dd/yyyy)Date of Initial Entry into the United States  (on or about) 2.
Place of Initial Entry into the United States 3.Type of Discharge 9.d.
--- PAGE BREAK ---
Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 1.b. The interpreter named in Part 6. has read to me each 
and every question and instruction on this form, as 
well as my answer to each question, in
a language in which I am fluent.  I understand each 
and every question and instruction on this form as 
translated to me by my interpreter, and have provided 
true and correct responses in the language indicated 
above.,► (mm/dd/yyyy) Date of Signature 2.b.Requestor's Signature 2.a.
Requestor's Declaration and Certification
I certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United 
States of America, that the foregoing is true and correct and that 
copies of documents submitted are exact photocopies of 
unaltered original documents.  I understand that I may be 
required to submit original documents to U.S. Citizenship and 
Immigration Services (USCIS) at a later date.  I also understand 
that knowingly and willfully providing materially false 
information on this form is a federal felony punishable by a 
fine, imprisonment up to 5 years, or both, under 18 U.S.C. 
section 1001.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of any 
information from my records that USCIS may need to reach a 
determination on my deferred action request.Part 5.  Statement, Certification, Signature, and 
Contact Information of the Requestor  (For Initial 
and Renewal Requests)
I can read and understand English, and have read and 
understand each and every question and instruction 
on this form, as well as my answer to each question.1.a.NOTE:  Select the box for either Item Number 1.a. or 1.b.   
Requestor's Daytime Telephone Number 3.Requestor's Contact Information
Requestor's Email Address 5.Requestor's Mobile Telephone Number 4.
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name (if any) 2.
3.h.Interpreter's Mailing Address
3.c. City or Town
3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
3.f.
3.g.ProvinceStreet Number 
and Name3.a.
Country3.b. Apt. Flr. Ste.
Postal CodeInterpreter's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.Part 6.  Contact Information, Certification, and 
Signature of the Interpreter (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests)
Interpreter's Family Name (Last Name) 1.a.Interpreter's Full Name
Provide the following information concerning the interpreter:
  Page 5 of 7 
Copies of any documents I have submitted are exact 
photocopies of unaltered, original documents, and I understand 
that USCIS may require that I submit original documents to 
USCIS at a later date.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of 
any information from any and all of my records that USCIS 
may need to determine my eligibility for the request that I seek.
I furthermore authorize release of information contained in this 
request, in supporting documents, and in my USCIS records, to 
other entities and persons where necessary for the 
administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration law.
I understand that USCIS may require me to appear for an 
appointment to take my biometrics (fingerprints, photograph, 
and/or signature) and, at that time, if I am required to provide 
biometrics, I will be required to sign an oath reaffirming that:
1)  I reviewed and provided or authorized all of the 
information in my request; 
2)  I understood all of the information contained in, and 
submitted with, my request; and 
3)  All of this information was complete, true, and correct 
at the time of filing.
--- PAGE BREAK ---
Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 ► (mm/dd/yyyy) Date of Signature 6.b.Part 6.  Contact Information, Certification, and 
Signature of the Interpreter (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests)  (continued)
Interpreter's Certification
I certify that:
is the same language provided in Part 5., Item Number 1.b.;I am fluent in English and                                                     which
Interpreter's Signature 6.a.I have read to this requestor each and every question and 
instruction on this form, as well as the answer to each question, 
in the language provided in Part 5., Item Number 1.b.; and
The requestor has informed me that he or she understands each 
and every instruction and question on the form, as well as the 
answer to each question. Preparer's Contact Information
4. Preparer's Daytime Telephone Number
6. Preparer's Email Address5. Preparer's Fax Number
7.a. Preparer's Signature
7.b. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) ►Preparer's Declaration
I declare that I prepared this Form I-821D at the requestor's 
behest, and it is based on all the information of which I have 
knowledge.
NOTE:  If you need extra space to complete any item within 
this request, see the next page for Part 8. Additional 
Information.  Preparer's Mailing Address
3.c.
3.d.3.a.
3.b.
3.h.3.f.
3.g.City or Town
State 3.e. ZIP Code
ProvinceStreet Number 
and Name
CountryApt. Flr. Ste.
Postal Code
  Page 6 of 7 Preparer's Business or Organization Name 2.Preparer's Full Name
Provide the following information concerning the preparer:
1.a. Preparer's Family Name (Last Name)
Preparer's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.Part 7.  Contact Information, Declaration, and 
Signature of the Person Preparing this Request, 
If Other than the Requestor (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests)Interpreter's Contact Information
4. Interpreter's Daytime Telephone Number
Interpreter's Email Address 5.
--- PAGE BREAK ---
Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 Part 8.  Additional Information (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests)
If you need extra space to complete any item within this 
request, use the space below.  You may also make copies of this 
page to complete and file with this request.  Include your name 
and A-Number (if any ) at the top of each sheet of paper; 
indicate the Page Number, Part Number, and Item Number 
to which your answer refers; and sign and date each sheet.  
3.a. Page Number 3.b.Part Number 3.c.Item Number
3.d.4.a. Page Number 4.b.Part Number 4.c.Item Number
4.d.
Full Legal Name
1.a. Family Name 
(Last Name) 
1.b. Given Name 
(First Name) 
1.c. Middle Name
►A-A-Number (if any) 2.
5.a. Page Number 5.b.Part Number 5.c.Item Number
5.d.
  Page 7 of 7 
--- PAGE BREAK ---
