Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 Immigration Status on June 15, 2012 (e.g., No Lawful 
Status, Status Expired, Parole Expired)4.
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 5.a., provide the 
date your authorized stay expired, as shown on Form I-94, 
I-94W, or I-95 (if available).
► (mm/dd/yyyy)5.c.Were you EVER issued an Arrival-Departure Record 
(Form I-94, I-94W, or I-95)?5.a.
Yes No
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 5.a., provide 
your Form I-94, I-94W, or I-95 number (if available).
►5.b.
6. Indicate how you meet the education guideline ( e.g., 
Graduated from high school, Received a general 
educational development (GED) certificate or equivalent 
state-authorized exam, Currently in school )
7. Name, City, and State of School Currently Attending or 
Where Education Received
► (mm/dd/yyyy)Date of Graduation ( e.g., Receipt of a Certificate of 
Completion, GED certificate, other equivalent state-
authorized exam) or, if currently in school, date of last 
attendance. 8.Education Information
► Service Start Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
►  (mm/dd/yyyy) Discharge Date9.b.
9.c.Military Service Information 
9. Were you a member of the U.S. Armed Forces or U.S. 
Coast Guard?Yes No
Military Branch 9.a.If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 9., you must provide 
responses to Item Numbers 9.a. - 9.d.Have you EVER engaged in, do you continue to engage 
in, or plan to engage in terrorist activities?
No Yes3.
Are you NOW or have you EVER been a member of a 
gang?No Yes4.If you answered "Yes," you must include a certified 
court disposition, arrest record, charging document, 
sentencing record, etc., for each arrest.1. Have you EVER been arrested for, charged with, or 
convicted of a felony or misdemeanor, including incidents 
handled in juvenile court , in the United States?  Do not 
include minor traffic violations unless they were alcohol- 
or drug-related.  Yes NoPart 4.  Criminal, National Security, and Public 
Safety Information (For Initial and Renewal 
Requests)
If any of the following questions apply to you, use Part 8. 
Additional Information to describe the circumstances and 
include a full explanation.
If you answered “Yes,” you must include a certified 
court disposition, arrest record, charging document, 
sentencing record, etc., for each arrest, unless 
disclosure is prohibited under state law.
Have you EVER been arrested for, charged with, or 
convicted of a crime in any country other than the United 
States?Yes No2.
Acts involving torture, genocide, or human trafficking?
Killing any person?Yes NoHave you EVER engaged in, ordered, incited, assisted, or 
otherwise  participated in any of the following:
Yes No5.a.
Severely injuring any person? Yes No
Any kind of sexual contact or relations with any person 
who was being forced or threatened?Yes No5.b.
5.c.
5.d.5.
Have you EVER recruited, enlisted, conscripted, or used 
any person to serve in or help an armed force or group 
while such person was under age 15?6.
No Yes
Have you EVER used any person under age 15 to take 
part in hostilities, or to help or provide services to people 
in combat?7.
No Yes
  Page 4 of 7 I initially arrived and established residence in the U.S. 
prior to 16 years of age.Part 3.  For Initial Requests Only
1.
Yes No
► (mm/dd/yyyy)Date of Initial Entry into the United States  (on or about) 2.
Place of Initial Entry into the United States 3.Type of Discharge 9.d.

Form I-821D   Edition   01/20/25 1.b. The interpreter named in Part 6. has read to me each 
and every question and instruction on this form, as 
well as my answer to each question, in
a language in which I am fluent.  I understand each 
and every question and instruction on this form as 
translated to me by my interpreter, and have provided 
true and correct responses in the language indicated 
above.,► (mm/dd/yyyy) Date of Signature 2.b.Requestor's Signature 2.a.
Requestor's Declaration and Certification
I certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United 
States of America, that the foregoing is true and correct and that 
copies of documents submitted are exact photocopies of 
unaltered original documents.  I understand that I may be 
required to submit original documents to U.S. Citizenship and 
Immigration Services (USCIS) at a later date.  I also understand 
that knowingly and willfully providing materially false 
information on this form is a federal felony punishable by a 
fine, imprisonment up to 5 years, or both, under 18 U.S.C. 
section 1001.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of any 
information from my records that USCIS may need to reach a 
determination on my deferred action request.Part 5.  Statement, Certification, Signature, and 
Contact Information of the Requestor  (For Initial 
and Renewal Requests)
I can read and understand English, and have read and 
understand each and every question and instruction 
on this form, as well as my answer to each question.1.a.NOTE:  Select the box for either Item Number 1.a. or 1.b.   
Requestor's Daytime Telephone Number 3.Requestor's Contact Information
Requestor's Email Address 5.Requestor's Mobile Telephone Number 4.
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name (if any) 2.
3.h.Interpreter's Mailing Address
3.c. City or Town
3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
3.f.
3.g.ProvinceStreet Number 
and Name3.a.
Country3.b. Apt. Flr. Ste.
Postal CodeInterpreter's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.Part 6.  Contact Information, Certification, and 
Signature of the Interpreter (For Initial and  
Renewal Requests)
Interpreter's Family Name (Last Name) 1.a.Interpreter's Full Name
Provide the following information concerning the interpreter:
  Page 5 of 7 
Copies of any documents I have submitted are exact 
photocopies of unaltered, original documents, and I understand 
that USCIS may require that I submit original documents to 
USCIS at a later date.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of 
any information from any and all of my records that USCIS 
may need to determine my eligibility for the request that I seek.
I furthermore authorize release of information contained in this 
request, in supporting documents, and in my USCIS records, to 
other entities and persons where necessary for the 
administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration law.
I understand that USCIS may require me to appear for an 
appointment to take my biometrics (fingerprints, photograph, 
and/or signature) and, at that time, if I am required to provide 
biometrics, I will be required to sign an oath reaffirming that:
1)  I reviewed and provided or authorized all of the 
information in my request; 
2)  I understood all of the information contained in, and 
submitted with, my request; and 
3)  All of this information was complete, true, and correct 
at the time of filing.